---
id: why-cyberconnect
title: Why CyberConnect?
slug: /why-cyberconnect
sidebar_label: Why CyberConnect?
sidebar_position: 2
description: Why CyberConnect?
---

import { Tooltip } from 'react-tooltip';
import 'react-tooltip/dist/react-tooltip.css'

## Why does the world need a decentralized social graph?

1. **Censorship**
- Centralized control of our social data means that a few large companies have complete control over what social opinions, ideas, and content get propogated. This censorship comes in different flavors; politically driven suspensions by platforms, nation-state pressured censoring, or unsolicited/unexplained censorships (ex. shadow banning).


2. **Lost Creator Value**
- Social media content produces so much value for the world, yet in Web 2.0 content creators only capture a sliver of that value. This idea is summarized well by Chris Dixon in this thread on value capture in Web2.0 vs. Web3.0:

<iframe src="https://twitter.com/cdixon/status/1479920755424911361"></iframe>

3. **Data is siloed and redundant**
- In the centralized structure of Web 2.0, our social data/graphs are “walled gardens”. Moving your data between systems is incredibly difficult and usually not possible. This creates a high switching costs; it adds friction for users and wastes time as users repeatedly build and declare connections whenever onboarding a new application.

4. **Stifled Innovation**
- Siloed data also means reduced innovation. With only a few players having access to all our data, independent developers are unable to explore that data and build useful products on top of it. If someone has an idea for a better Instagram frontend, or a better feed algorithm, they don’t have the ability to leverage all the data that’s been generated by users to build out their idea; even with consent from those users. Discord is an example of a Web2 that is slightly opening up this with their developer SDK for bots, but it’s still limited and only exposes what the company decides it wants to share
