---
id: connect-with-social-verifier
title: Connect with Social Verifier
slug: /cyberconnect-sdk/connect-with-social-verifier/
sidebar_label: Connect with Social Verifier
sidebar_position: 4
description: CyberConnect offers an open-source social verifier and a public verified list in an effort to bring a democratic social network.
---

CyberConnect offers an open-source social verifier and a public verified list in an effort to bring a democratic social network. 

You can visit [Github](https://github.com/cyberconnecthq/social-verifier) for codebase use or review, [Connect List](https://github.com/cyberconnecthq/connect-list) for direct use, [CyberConnect API](/cyberconnect-api/overview/) for Indexer Query or test out the CyberConnect Social Verifier in the sandbox from [Verify a Twitter Account](/get-started/verify-a-twitter-account/) section.

Currently, CyberConnect Social Verifier only supports Twitter account verification and more social platforms are on the development backlog.

## Getting started

### Installation

```bash npm2yarn
npm install @cyberlab/social-verifier
```

### Use the Verifier

**Social Verifier** uses a 3 step process for linking an Ethereum address to a social [identity](/concepts/identity/).

1. User uses their Ethereum private key to sign a message to get a message which contains the generated signature.
2. User posts this message on their social profile so others can view.
3. Our server recovers the signer address from the signature found in the social post.

#### Signing Data

Using `twitterAuthorize` to get signature message.

```jsx
import { twitterAuthorize } from "@cyberlab/social-verifier";

const sig = twitterAuthorize(provider, address);
```

- `provider` - An ETH provider which should implement one of the following methods: send, sendAsync, request.
- `address` - The Ethereum address that you want to link with your profile.

#### Posting message

You can customize your tweet text, but the text should include the signature message from the `Signing Data` step.

```jsx
const text = `Verifying my Web3 identity on @cyberconnecthq: %23LetsCyberConnect %0A ${sig}`;

window.open(`https://twitter.com/compose/tweet?text=${text}`, "_blank");
```

#### Verifying

After posting the tweet, you can call `twitterVerify` to link your address with your twitter account. You can check the list of verified mappings in [Connect List](https://github.com/cyberconnecthq/connect-list) repo.

```jsx
import { twitterVerify } from "@cyberlab/social-verifier";

try {
    await twitterVerify(address, handle);
    console.log("Verify Success!");
} catch (e) {
    console.log("Error: ", e.message);
}
```

- `address` - The Ethereum address that you want to link with your twitter account.
- `handle` - The handle of your twitter account.
